=head1 NAME

kohaprofile

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This script uses a git repo and a Koha instance running off that Git repo. It 
will step x commits back in time, run some tests/benchmarks against the 
insallation, step one commit forward in time, run the tests again, step forward, 
run the tests an so on, until it reaches the most recent commit. 

Several iterations of the tests can be done per commit, and the times measured
for each iteration will be averaged. 

Output is done as an HTML file, which shows a table of the average times for 
each commit and test. The oldest commit is shown at the top and the newest 
commit is at the bottom. 

The idea here is to see how performance changes over time, and spot both 
negative and positie trends, as well as any commits that lead to dramatic 
changes in performance. 

=head1 CONFIGURATION

The configuration is stored in a YAML file, see default-config.yaml for an example. 

=head1 IDEAS

=over 4

=item * Add some kind of progress indicator

=item * Make it possible to run the tests against just one URL, or a user configurable list

=item * Use the scripts in misc/load_testing/ for performing the tests

=item * Include transactions in the staff interface, like check out and check in

=item * Output the data in a way that can be rendered as a pretty graph

=item * Improve the statistics around the time measurements (e.g. remove the fastest and the slowest response)

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

=over 4

=item * Magnus Enger, Oslo Public Library

=back

=head1 REPOSITORY

https://github.com/digibib/kohaprofile

Patches and pull requests are most welcome! 

=head1 LICENSE

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This script is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this script; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses>.

=cut
